[MUSIC]
Every day we interact with
countless websites and apps-
whether we are sharing moments on social
media, shopping for our favorite products,
or catching up on the latest news.
But have you ever wondered what makes
these experiences so seamless and
visually captivating?
The answer lies in front-end development,
where creativity meets technology to
bring digital interfaces to life.
In this program,
you'll learn how to build responsive,
accessible websites using HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
You'll also work with C# and
Blazor to create powerful,
interactive web applications.
Along the way, you'll explore UI/UX
design, improve web security, and
use Microsoft Copilot to speed your
coding and enhance your projects.
In just six courses,
you'll gain the skills to create modern,
interactive websites that stand out.
Let's explore the courses in this program.
First, we begin with The Foundations
of Front-End Coding,
focused on key principles and practices.
You'll learn to plan and
structure projects using tools like
Microsoft Copilot for
efficient coding and debugging.
You'll practice logical thinking and
problem-solving to design algorithms and
flowcharts to represent
the flow of programming tasks.
You'll also implement control structures
and loops for efficient execution.
By the end, you'll be able to
develop modular, reusable code for
more complex projects.
Next, in the introduction to programming
with C# course, you'll learn how to
work with C# to set up and configure
.NET projects in Visual Studio Code.
You'll learn key programming concepts like
variables, control structures, loops,
and methods, and apply object-oriented
principles like classes and
inheritance to build
scalable applications.
You'll also develop
asynchronous programs and
use debugging techniques
to ensure performance.
With Microsoft Copilot,
you'll efficiently write, debug,
and optimize your C# code.
After covering the basics of programming,
we'll shift our focus to
Introduction to Web Development.
You'll learn the basics of web development
like building pages with HTML,
styling them with CSS, and
adding interactivity with JavaScript.
You'll also cover how to make sites work
well on any device, ensure accessibility,
and track changes with Git.
Then you'll explore advanced CSS and
JavaScript,
collaborate using GitHub, and
handle background tasks with JavaScript.
With Microsoft Copilot,
you'll build a small,
interactive website that's user-friendly.
In the fourth course, Blazor Pages for
Front-End Development,
you'll learn how to use Blazor
to build interactive websites,
including working with components and
connecting data to your web pages.
You'll also create a Blazor project,
set up navigation between pages and
learn how to fix errors and
manage app data.
With Microsoft Copilot,
you'll develop a Blazor project that makes
your websites efficient and user-friendly.
In the UI/UX Design Principles course,
you'll learn the basics of User
Interface, or UI, and User Experience, or
UX, including the tools for creating
responsive and user-friendly designs.
You'll explore key design principles,
creating wireframes and prototypes, and
test your designs across devices.
You'll also cover user-centric design,
accessibility, and high-quality mockups.
With Microsoft Copilot, you'll
improve your CSS, generate responsive
design ideas, and enhance your
design in real-world projects.
Finally, in Web Application Security,
you'll learn about common web security
risks and how to write safer code.
You'll cover threats like SQL
injection and XSS, along with tips for
validating inputs and securing data.
You'll also learn how to store and
transmit data safely.
With Microsoft Copilot, you'll find and
fix security issues to make
your web apps more secure.
By the end of this program, you'll have
mastered the core skills of front-end
development-HTML, CSS, JavaScript,
responsive design, and accessibility.
With these tools,
you'll be ready to create interactive,
user-friendly websites that
meet modern standards.
You'll also gain expertise in
optimizing performance and
enhancing user experiences.
The integration of Microsoft Copilot
throughout the courses will equip you with
advanced techniques to stay ahead
of this ever-changing field.
We're excited to guide you on this journey
and can't wait for you to get started.